README.md, before:

gnuR
====
This page contains information about getting started in gnu R. 

Personal archive
---

- [Plotting](ggplot2.md) contains exemplary plots using (mostly ggplot2 by [Hadley Wickham] (http://had.co.nz/))
- [Reshaping data](reshape.md) will contain examples of data reshaping
- [Plyring](plyr.md) will contain examples that are concerned with slicing, dicing and aggregating data.

Introductory material
---

### IDE - Integrated Development Environment
* http://rstudio.org --> today's quasi standard

### General introduction
* http://tryr.codeschool.com/ Interactive introduction from codeschool
* http://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/R-intro.pdf
* http://data.princeton.edu/R/
* http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/R_Programming
* [German] http://www.heise.de/developer/artikel/Datenanalyse-mit-R-Teil-1-1845278.html Heise article part 1

### Intermediate material
* http://www-stat.stanford.edu/~susan/courses/s141/RNotes.pdf Overview of most important built-in functions
* http://www.slideshare.net/izahn/rintro --> includes IO, plotting and regression
* http://freakonometrics.free.fr/IFM2-slides-1.pdf --> all sorts of commands one should know
* [German] http://wwwold-m4.ma.tum.de/software/EinfuehrungR_Ferienkurs09.pdf from the Technical University of Munich
* [German] http://www.heise.de/developer/artikel/Datenanalyse-mit-R-Teil-2-1847554.html Heise article part 2

### Nice to know
* http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/10-R-packages-I-wish-I-knew-about-earlier.html --> title says it all
* http://de.wikibooks.org/wiki/GNU_R 
* http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/R_Programming --> the same and more in English
* http://quanttrader.info/public/gettingStartedWithR.html --> short intro to R
* http://www.inside-r.org/ is often intersting
* http://www.cookbook-r.com/ --> lots of examples
* http://www.r-bloggers.com/ --> new content every day, nice to get ideas on potential R applications
* http://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2013/04/coursera-data-analysis-course-videos.html

Commit message:

added a link to forecasting part

README.md, after:

gnuR
====
This page contains information about getting started in gnu R. 

Personal archive
---

- [Plotting](ggplot2.md) contains exemplary plots using (mostly ggplot2 by [Hadley Wickham] (http://had.co.nz/))
- [Reshaping data](reshape.md) will contain examples of data reshaping
- [Plyring](plyr.md) will contain examples that are concerned with slicing, dicing and aggregating data.
- [Forecasting](forecast.md) will contain examples on how to forecast given training data a.k.a. historic knowledge, using the excellent forecasting package by [Rob J. Hyndman](http://robjhyndman.com/)

Introductory material
---

### IDE - Integrated Development Environment
* http://rstudio.org --> today's quasi standard

### General introduction
* http://tryr.codeschool.com/ Interactive introduction from codeschool
* http://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/R-intro.pdf
* http://data.princeton.edu/R/
* http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/R_Programming
* [German] http://www.heise.de/developer/artikel/Datenanalyse-mit-R-Teil-1-1845278.html Heise article part 1

### Intermediate material
* http://www-stat.stanford.edu/~susan/courses/s141/RNotes.pdf Overview of most important built-in functions
* http://www.slideshare.net/izahn/rintro --> includes IO, plotting and regression
* http://freakonometrics.free.fr/IFM2-slides-1.pdf --> all sorts of commands one should know
* [German] http://wwwold-m4.ma.tum.de/software/EinfuehrungR_Ferienkurs09.pdf from the Technical University of Munich
* [German] http://www.heise.de/developer/artikel/Datenanalyse-mit-R-Teil-2-1847554.html Heise article part 2

### Nice to know
* http://blog.yhathq.com/posts/10-R-packages-I-wish-I-knew-about-earlier.html --> title says it all
* http://de.wikibooks.org/wiki/GNU_R 
* http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/R_Programming --> the same and more in English
* http://quanttrader.info/public/gettingStartedWithR.html --> short intro to R
* http://www.inside-r.org/ is often intersting
* http://www.cookbook-r.com/ --> lots of examples
* http://www.r-bloggers.com/ --> new content every day, nice to get ideas on potential R applications
* http://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2013/04/coursera-data-analysis-course-videos.html
